oh ho it's your lucky day
you now have unlimited money and you can
buy the most expensive things in the
world hey get your checkbook out and
let's go shopping so what do you think
your total would come to millions
billions well gave you receipts and will
total it up at the end first we need
some Morning Joe the most expensive
coffee pot is $279 for a set of five the
reason for that jumbo size price tag
it contains the highest quality pea
berry coffee beans and 22 karat gold
dust
how about enjoying the most overpriced
omelet in the world along with that
coffee
it'll cost you $1000 at the low Parker
Meridien Hotel in New York the omelet
contains caviar and lobster ooh fancy
the most pricey keyboard retails at
$4,200 it's coated with gold dust and
Arushi lacquer a sap from a tree native
to East Asia the most overpriced feather
for sale is eight thousand four hundred
dollars
it comes from a now extinct bird species
called the hue ax the remaining feathers
are sold in auctions and from what I
hear there are only a few left the
world's most exorbitant pair of jeans
goes for $10,000 they're the Escada
Couture Swarovski crystal jeans and
they're customizable you can add 14
karat gold rivets and diamond buttons if
you want now let's talk about toys the
most high price Lego brick you could add
to your collection was sold in 2012 for
twelve thousand five hundred bucks it's
made a 14-karat gold but originally it
wasn't for sale the company gave it as a
gift to its long-term employees if
you're looking to book the most pricey
haircut head to London that's where a
woman from Italy paid a UK hairdresser
sixteen thousand four hundred dollars
for a luxurious appointment
it included lunch a head massage
personalized hair products and a limo
ride to the airport
fortune cookies might come free with
takeout but you're a big spender now get
yourself the world's most affluent one
for 17 grand that's what it went for
auction in 2006 now to keep a clean
house you can get the most luxurious
vacuum cleaner it's the high low GST
Swarovski Edition and it retails at
twenty-one thousand nine hundred dollars
that house will cost you a pretty penny
too but that'll be later the most costly
ice desert is a chocolate ice cream
sundae served at the serendipity 3
restaurant in New York it contains the
most unique cocoa beans and 23 carat
edible gol it comes in a golden dish
filled with real diamonds all that for
just 25 thousand bucks the world's most
expensive wedding cake you can tea was
sold at a Sotheby's auction for twenty
nine thousand nine hundred dollars back
in 1998 it was a piece from the 1937
wedding cake of the Duke and Duchess of
Windsor no wonder you can't eat it it's
probably as hard as a rock
now you can finally have your fancy
coffee in the world's most costly coffee
mug it was made for Nestle from 23 karat
gold the mug sold for over $33,000 in
2008 you could also get the world's most
lavish painting done by elephants it was
sold in 2005 for 39 thousand dollars
doesn't say here whether you also get a
trunk to store it in you in the market
for a water bottle the most high-priced
one you can buy is covered with 24 karat
gold and it's based on the artworks of
Modigliani it's worth $60,000 the most
costly hair clippings go for a hundred
and fifteen thousand dollars they belong
to Elvis Presley the lucky buyer got a
massive hair around three inches in
diameter in 2002
the costliest teddy bear to own is a
Steve Louis Vuitton your cuddly new
friend was last sold for more than 180
two thousand dollars in 2000
you'll also need a jewelry box for some
of the items I'll talk about later the
most exorbitant one Eversole is a
cardioid jewelry case made of ancient
Egyptian steel and it went for a hundred
eighty nine thousand dollars in 93 the
priciest perfume Dubai is the Clive
Christian number one Imperial Majesty
it's a ten bottle limited-edition
fragrance that goes for over two hundred
thousand dollars it's decorated with a
five carat white diamond and an 18 karat
gold collar when it first came out in
2005 that price also included a personal
delivery to the buyer in a Bentley
another high ticket toy to go along with
your teddy bear is the first ever
handcrafted toy soldier from 1963 it was
sold in 2003 for two hundred five
thousand dollars yet a mere Barbie doll
can go higher than that the most lavish
one you could buy came out in 2010
during the Australian fashion week price
over three hundred thousand dollars the
most high-priced single glove for your
collection was bought by ponte 16 resort
in 2009 it belonged to Michael Jackson
and was sold for four hundred twenty
thousand dollars need some wheels the
costly his bicycle sold at auction is
the trek butterfly Madonn and it
belonged to a professional road racing
cyclist Lance Armstrong the lucky buyer
grabbed it for a half a million dollars
yes you're a big spender now so you'll
need a newly renovated bathroom to match
the most luxurious bathtub that broke
the world record in 2010 is cut from a
20,000 pound Amazonian crystal stone
it's a little more than six feet long
and filled with diamond cuts that
highlight the abstract shape of the
crystal
it'll cost you eight hundred forty five
thousand dollars but I doubt it can fit
in a Bentley like that pricey perfume oh
you'll need a pet to the cost Leah's dog
you could get was sold in China in 2011
it was an 11 month old red Tibetan
Mastiff and this pooch went for a little
over one and a half million dollars the
most high-priced board game is an
exclusive monopoly set filled with 23
karat gold rubies and sapphires the dice
have 42 full cut diamonds for the spots
and it'll cost you 2 million bucks the
most overpriced phone number you could
own had all the same 7 digits it was
sold in 2006 for 2.75 million
hmm-what digits would you choose another
lavish item to entertain you is the
world's first and most expensive comic
book it goes all the way back to 1938
and it was sold in 2014 for 3.2 million
dollars
who needs Google Maps when you can
invest in the most costly atlas in the
world this relic goes all the way back
to the 15th century Italy it was the
first illustrated book with engraved
maps and it went for 3.9 million dollars
in 2006
speaking of centuries old items here's
my fifth grade teacher just kidding
how about a royal carpet made in 1740
for the king of france's dining room
it sold for 4.4 million dollars in 2000
the most costly dress you could get your
hands on in an auction belong to Marilyn
Monroe it was a custom-made gown and it
went for four point eight million
dollars in 2016 for fans of veteran
cards those are ones made before 1905
you'd have to shovel over some serious
dough for the oldest Rolls Royce still
around today the two-seater was made in
1904 and bought by a collector in 2007
for 7.2 million now you need to go
overboard with your holiday decor to the
most extravagantly decorated Christmas
tree is valued at 11 million bucks it
broke the record in 2010 when it was on
display in the Emirates pull on the 43
foot tree was covered in 181 jams the
priciest wedding dress you could get
your hands on was made for a luxury
bridal show and is filled with real
diamonds that add up to 150 carats it's
worth 12 million dollars the cost Leah's
car registration to put on your veteran
rolls-royce consists of a single digit
one it was sold in 2008 for the hefty
price of 14 point two million dollars
the most expensive musical instrument
for your collection was sold at an
auction in 2011 it's the lady blunt
Stradivarius violin that went for almost
16 million bucks don't fiddle around
with that one time to give your wrist
some bling
you could go bold and vintage with the
most luxurious watch ever soul it's the
Henry graves jr. an intricate gold watch
that was made around 1925 auction price
in 2014 twenty four million dollars the
world's most costly phone is a
custom-made Falcon supernova iPhone 6
it's made of 24 karat gold and it has a
huge pink diamond on the back it goes
for 48 and a half million dollars if
you're interested now it's time to fill
your safe the world's most expensive
jewel you could purchase is called the
pink star and it was sold at an auction
in 2017 it was mined in 1999 and
originally boasted 132 carats it took
two years to get a cut and polished
which dropped it down to about 60 carats
it still raked in 71 point two million
dollars though the most high price
artwork you could buy from a living
artist at an auction is called the
rabbit it's a sculpture that was created
in 1986 and it was purchased for 91
million dollars in 2019 now you need
accommodation to put all your stuff in a
mere storage locker no no no the world's
costliest private house was built in
it's a 27 story skyscraper and it was
priced at 2 billion with a bead it has
168 parking spaces 3 helipads a few
swimming pools and even a couple of
theaters which brings our total to just
over 2.3 billion dollars
let me know down in the comments which
item you'd buy if you could and if you
learned something new today
then give the video
like and share it with a friend and here
are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life